Geomap: Update Documentation (#53552)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/geomap/_index.md

- **Longitude** (available when the **View** mode is _Coordinates_)
- **Zoom** sets the initial zoom level for the GeoMap panel, or the initial maximum zoom level in case the _Fit data layers_ view is selected.

## Map layers

The Geomap visualization supports showing multiple layers. Each layer determines how you visualize geospatial data on top of the base map.

### Types

There are three map layer types to choose from in the Geomap visualization.

- [Markers]({{< relref "markers/" >}}) renders static data from a geojson file.
- [Heatmap]({{< relref "heatmap/" >}}) visualizes a heatmap of the data.
- [GeoJSON]({{< relref "geojson/" >}}) renders a marker at each data point.<br /><br />
- [Night / Day (alpha)]({{< relref "daynight/" >}}) renders a night / day region.
- **Icon at last point (alpha)** renders an icon at the last data point.
- **Dynamic GeoJSON (alpha)** styles a GeoJSON file based on query results.
- **Route (alpha)** render data points as a route.

> > **Note:** [Basemap layer types]({{< relref "#types-1" >}}) can also be added as layers. An opacity control is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** [Basemap layer types]({{< relref "#types-1" >}}) can also be added as layers. You can specify an opacity.
```

> - **Geohash** specifies that your query holds geohash data. You will get prompted to select a string data field for the geohash from your database query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Geohash** specifies that your query holds geohash data. You will be prompted to select a string data field for the geohash from your database query.
```

> - **Lookup** specifies that your query holds location name data that needs to be mapped to a value. You will get prompted to select the lookup field from your database query and a gazetteer. The gazetteer is the directory that is used to map your queried data to a geographical point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lookup** specifies that your query holds location name data that needs to be mapped to a value. You will be prompted to select the lookup field from your database query and a gazetteer. The gazetteer is the directory that is used to map your queried data to a geographical point.
```

## Basemap layer

A basemap layer provides the visual foundation for a mapping application. It typically contains data with global coverage. Several base layer options
are available each with specific configuration options to style the base map.

### Types

There are four basemap layer types to choose from in the Geomap visualization.

- [Open Street Map]({{< relref "osm/" >}}) adds a map from a collaborative free geographic world database.
- [CARTO]({{< relref "carto/" >}}) adds a layer from CARTO Raster basemaps.

> - [ArcGIS]({{< relref "arcgis/" >}}) adds a layer from an ESRI ArcGIS MapServer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ArcGIS]({{< relref "arcgis/" >}}) adds a layer from an ESRI ArcGIS MapServer.
```

- [XYZ]({{< relref "xyz/" >}}) adds a map from a generic tile layer.

### Default

> The default base layer uses the [CARTO]({{< relref "carto/" >}}) map. Custom default base layers can be defined in the `.ini` configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default base layer uses the [CARTO]({{< relref "carto/" >}}) map. You can define custom default base layers in the `.ini` configuration file.
```
